jehosophat had riches and honor in
jehosophat had riches and honor in abundance and by marriage he allied
abundance and by marriage he allied
abundance and by marriage he allied himself with a huh after some years he
himself with a huh after some years he
himself with a huh after some years he went down to visit a herb in Samaria and
went down to visit a herb in Samaria and
went down to visit a herb in Samaria and a hab killed sheep and oxen in abundance
a hab killed sheep and oxen in abundance
a hab killed sheep and oxen in abundance for him and the people who were with him
for him and the people who were with him
for him and the people who were with him and persuaded him to go up with him to
and persuaded him to go up with him to
and persuaded him to go up with him to ramoth-gilead so ahab king of Israel
ramoth-gilead so ahab king of Israel
ramoth-gilead so ahab king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat king of Judah will
said to Jehoshaphat king of Judah will
said to Jehoshaphat king of Judah will you go with me against ramoth-gilead
you go with me against ramoth-gilead
you go with me against ramoth-gilead I am as you are and my people as your
I am as you are and my people as your
I am as you are and my people as your people we will be with you in the war
people we will be with you in the war
people we will be with you in the war please inquire for the word of the Lord
please inquire for the word of the Lord
please inquire for the word of the Lord today then the king of Israel gathered
today then the king of Israel gathered
today then the king of Israel gathered the prophets together four hundred men
the prophets together four hundred men
the prophets together four hundred men shall we go to war against ramoth-gilead
shall we go to war against ramoth-gilead
shall we go to war against ramoth-gilead or shall I refrain go up for God will
or shall I refrain go up for God will
or shall I refrain go up for God will deliver it into the Kings hand is there
deliver it into the Kings hand is there
deliver it into the Kings hand is there not still a prophet of the Lord here
not still a prophet of the Lord here
not still a prophet of the Lord here that we may inquire of him there is
that we may inquire of him there is
that we may inquire of him there is still one man by whom we may inquire of
still one man by whom we may inquire of
still one man by whom we may inquire of the Lord but I hate him because he never
the Lord but I hate him because he never
the Lord but I hate him because he never prophesized good concerning me but
prophesized good concerning me but
prophesized good concerning me but always evil he is my kia the son of
always evil he is my kia the son of
always evil he is my kia the son of imlah
imlah
imlah let not the king say such things then
let not the king say such things then
let not the king say such things then the king of Israel called one of his
the king of Israel called one of his
the king of Israel called one of his officers bring michaiah the son of imlah
officers bring michaiah the son of imlah
officers bring michaiah the son of imlah quickly the king of Israel and
quickly the king of Israel and
quickly the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah clothed in
Jehoshaphat king of Judah clothed in
Jehoshaphat king of Judah clothed in their robes sat each on his throne and
their robes sat each on his throne and
their robes sat each on his throne and they sat at a threshing floor at the
they sat at a threshing floor at the
they sat at a threshing floor at the entrance of the gate of Samaria and all
entrance of the gate of Samaria and all
entrance of the gate of Samaria and all the prophets prophesied before
the prophets prophesied before
the prophets prophesied before now Zedekiah the son of cainan had made
now Zedekiah the son of cainan had made
now Zedekiah the son of cainan had made horns of iron for himself and he said
horns of iron for himself and he said
horns of iron for himself and he said thus says the Lord with these you shall
thus says the Lord with these you shall
thus says the Lord with these you shall Gore the Syrians until they are
Gore the Syrians until they are
Gore the Syrians until they are destroyed and all the prophets
destroyed and all the prophets
destroyed and all the prophets prophesied so go up to ramoth-gilead and
prophesied so go up to ramoth-gilead and
prophesied so go up to ramoth-gilead and prosper for the Lord will deliver it
prosper for the Lord will deliver it
prosper for the Lord will deliver it into the king's head then the messenger
into the king's head then the messenger
into the king's head then the messenger who had gone to calm IKEA spoke to him
who had gone to calm IKEA spoke to him
who had gone to calm IKEA spoke to him now listen the words of the prophets
now listen the words of the prophets
now listen the words of the prophets with one Accord encouraged the king
with one Accord encouraged the king
with one Accord encouraged the king therefore please let your word be like
therefore please let your word be like
therefore please let your word be like the word of one of them and speak
the word of one of them and speak
the word of one of them and speak encouragement as the Lord lives whatever
encouragement as the Lord lives whatever
encouragement as the Lord lives whatever my God says that I will speak and he
my God says that I will speak and he
my God says that I will speak and he came to the king and the king said to
came to the king and the king said to
came to the king and the king said to him
him
him Makia shall we go to war against
Makia shall we go to war against
Makia shall we go to war against ramoth-gilead or shall I refrain
ramoth-gilead or shall I refrain
ramoth-gilead or shall I refrain go and prosper and they shall be
go and prosper and they shall be
go and prosper and they shall be delivered into your hand how many times
delivered into your hand how many times
delivered into your hand how many times shall I make you swear that you tell me
shall I make you swear that you tell me
shall I make you swear that you tell me nothing but the truth in the name of the
nothing but the truth in the name of the
nothing but the truth in the name of the Lord
Lord
Lord I saw all Israel scattered on the
I saw all Israel scattered on the
I saw all Israel scattered on the mountains as sheep that have no shepherd
mountains as sheep that have no shepherd
mountains as sheep that have no shepherd and the Lord said these have no master
and the Lord said these have no master
and the Lord said these have no master let each return to his house in peace
let each return to his house in peace
let each return to his house in peace and the king of Israel said to
and the king of Israel said to
and the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat did I not tell you he would
Jehoshaphat did I not tell you he would
Jehoshaphat did I not tell you he would not prophesy good concerning me but evil
not prophesy good concerning me but evil
not prophesy good concerning me but evil been my care said therefore hear the
been my care said therefore hear the
been my care said therefore hear the word of the Lord I saw the Lord sitting
word of the Lord I saw the Lord sitting
word of the Lord I saw the Lord sitting on his throne and all the host of heaven
on his throne and all the host of heaven
on his throne and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and his left
standing on his right hand and his left
standing on his right hand and his left and the Lord said who will persuade a
and the Lord said who will persuade a
and the Lord said who will persuade a hab king of Israel to go up that he may
hab king of Israel to go up that he may
hab king of Israel to go up that he may fall at ramoth-gilead so one spoke in
fall at ramoth-gilead so one spoke in
fall at ramoth-gilead so one spoke in this manner and another spoke in that
this manner and another spoke in that
this manner and another spoke in that manner
manner
manner then a spirit came forward and stood
then a spirit came forward and stood
then a spirit came forward and stood before the Lord and said I will persuade
before the Lord and said I will persuade
before the Lord and said I will persuade him the Lord said to him in what way so
him the Lord said to him in what way so
him the Lord said to him in what way so he said I will go out and be a lying
he said I will go out and be a lying
he said I will go out and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets
spirit in the mouth of all his prophets
spirit in the mouth of all his prophets and the Lord said you shall persuade him
and the Lord said you shall persuade him
and the Lord said you shall persuade him and also prevail go out and do so
and also prevail go out and do so
and also prevail go out and do so therefore look the Lord has put a lying
therefore look the Lord has put a lying
therefore look the Lord has put a lying spirit in the mouth of these prophets of
spirit in the mouth of these prophets of
spirit in the mouth of these prophets of yours and the Lord has declared disaster
yours and the Lord has declared disaster
yours and the Lord has declared disaster against you then Zedekiah the son of
against you then Zedekiah the son of
against you then Zedekiah the son of caen Ana went near and struck Mike hair
caen Ana went near and struck Mike hair
caen Ana went near and struck Mike hair on the cheek which way did the spirit
on the cheek which way did the spirit
on the cheek which way did the spirit from the Lord go from me to speak to you
from the Lord go from me to speak to you
from the Lord go from me to speak to you indeed you shall see on that day would
indeed you shall see on that day would
indeed you shall see on that day would you go into an inner chamber to hide
you go into an inner chamber to hide
you go into an inner chamber to hide then the king of Israel said take my Kia
then the king of Israel said take my Kia
then the king of Israel said take my Kia and return him to Ana the governor of
and return him to Ana the governor of
and return him to Ana the governor of the city and to joash the king's son and
the city and to joash the king's son and
the city and to joash the king's son and say thus says the king put this fellow
say thus says the king put this fellow
say thus says the king put this fellow in prison and feed him with bread of
in prison and feed him with bread of
in prison and feed him with bread of affliction and water of affliction until
affliction and water of affliction until
affliction and water of affliction until I return in peace if you ever return in
I return in peace if you ever return in
I return in peace if you ever return in peace the Lord has not spoken by me take
peace the Lord has not spoken by me take
peace the Lord has not spoken by me take heed all you people
heed all you people
heed all you people [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat
so the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat
so the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to
the king of Judah went up to
the king of Judah went up to ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead
ramoth-gilead and the king of Israel said to
and the king of Israel said to
and the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat
Jehoshaphat
Jehoshaphat I will disguise myself and go into
I will disguise myself and go into
I will disguise myself and go into battle but you put on your robes so the
battle but you put on your robes so the
battle but you put on your robes so the king of Israel disguised himself and
king of Israel disguised himself and
king of Israel disguised himself and they went into battle now the king of
they went into battle now the king of
they went into battle now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the
Syria had commanded the captains of the
Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots who were with him like that no
chariots who were with him like that no
chariots who were with him like that no one small or great but only with the
one small or great but only with the
one small or great but only with the king of Israel so it was when the
king of Israel so it was when the
king of Israel so it was when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat
captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat
captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat that they said it is the king of Israel
that they said it is the king of Israel
that they said it is the king of Israel therefore they surrounded him to attack
therefore they surrounded him to attack
therefore they surrounded him to attack but your hash event cried out and the
but your hash event cried out and the
but your hash event cried out and the Lord helped him and God diverted them
Lord helped him and God diverted them
Lord helped him and God diverted them from
or so it was when the captains of the
or so it was when the captains of the chariots saw that it was not the king of
chariots saw that it was not the king of
chariots saw that it was not the king of Israel but they turned back from
Israel but they turned back from
Israel but they turned back from pursuing now a certain man drew a bow at
pursuing now a certain man drew a bow at
pursuing now a certain man drew a bow at random and struck the king of Israel
random and struck the king of Israel
random and struck the king of Israel between the joints of his arm so he said
between the joints of his arm so he said
between the joints of his arm so he said to the driver of his chariot turn around
to the driver of his chariot turn around
to the driver of his chariot turn around and dig me out of backe for I am wounded
and dig me out of backe for I am wounded
and dig me out of backe for I am wounded the battle increased that day and the
the battle increased that day and the
the battle increased that day and the king of Israel propped himself up in his
king of Israel propped himself up in his
king of Israel propped himself up in his chariot facing the Syrians until evening
chariot facing the Syrians until evening
chariot facing the Syrians until evening and about the time of sunset he died